# Climate Change
As the title suggest, the main purpose of this paper was to figure out a way to calibrate a snow gauge effectively in preparation for the winter season. To optimize the calibration of the snow gauge, our team was given a data set that contained information on the Density as well as Gain readings over time. Moving forward, we began this research by first dividing the work between the 6 members.  For this project, my role was to look for and answer an additional hypothesis. The hypothesis that we chose to answer, is there a change in the overall climate? As mentioned above, the data set that was given contained only information on the Density as well as Gain readings across time. Naturally speaking, this data set was too small for us to gain any conclusive information. As such, we decided to go ahead and look at a larger data set that was found on the website which contained information on the Density and Gain readings as mentioned above. In addition to the original variables in our initial data set, we were able to attain data on Surface and Air temperature readings over time. Proceeding with this data set, we began by first cleaning up the data in R before conducting the initial analysis. With the cleaned data, we then began our analysis by using a Holt-Winter's triple exponential smoothing model (Time Series Analysis) in R. The results then showed quite a marked difference in trends over time between years and as such, we were able to conclude that the climate was indeed changing.
